Added Mergers team charter. (#3)
tim-schilling/dsf-working-groups: active/mergers.md

# Mergers Team

## Scope of responsibilities

> Mergers are a small set of people who merge pull requests to the [Django git repository](https://github.com/django/django/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mergers are a small group of contributors who have write access to the [Django Git repository](https://github.com/django/django/) and are responsible for landing approved changes.
```

Author: I think "have write access" isn't as clear as "merge pull requests" or "merge changes".

> and are responsible for landing approved changes

This is addition makes the sentence wordy in my opinion and the implications are a bit muddy. Leaving it off doesn't take anything away.

Mergers will:
- Merge pull requests when they can have determined that:

>   - There is consensus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There is consensus: this is either an accepted ticket for the changes, or an approved new feature, or the changes are tests additions or docs fixes.
```

Author: I'm not sure what you're trying to clarify here. I wouldn't consider this a definition for consensus. It may be a reasonable description of what the pull request would be of, but I don't know if that's important to cover here.

Author: I think a definition of consensus should be pulled out into its own section or live somewhere else.

Author: @nessita I merged these scenarios into the documentation in place of "There is consensus"

  - A DEP is approved or not needed
  - The PR meets the documented code quality guidelines

> - Merge pull requests when the [Security Team](./security.md) directs something to be merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Merge changes when the [Security Team](./security.md) directs pull requests or specific patches to be merged
```

- Share knowledge and propose documentation changes about undocumented code quality or consistency practices

> - Request the Steering Council to vote on a decision that fails to reach consensus if a decision is needed

Reviewer: - Perform backports of changes merged into the `main` branch to the stable branches following the [backporting policy](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/release-process/#supported-versions).

Author: ```suggestion
- Request the Steering Council to vote on a decision that fails to reach consensus if a decision is needed
- Perform backports of changes merged into the `main` branch to the stable branches following the [backporting policy](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/release-process/#supported-versions)
```
